Create getting_new_routes_integrated_into_cow_protocol.md (#434)
cowprotocol/docs: docs/cow-protocol/tutorials/solvers/getting_new_routes_integrated_into_cow_protocol.md

## Overview

This guide is designed for teams building in DeFi who want to get their routes integrated and supported by CoW Protocol. Integration of new liquidity sources enables CoW Protocol's solvers to access more trading opportunities, potentially leading to better prices for users.

## Why integrate with CoW Protocol?

> CoW Protocol's uses a unique batch auction mechanism and competition between multiple solvers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoW Protocol uses a unique batch auction mechanism and competition between multiple solvers.
```

> - Access to a growing user base of traders and integrators

Reviewer: The first sentence of the section is not presented as a bullet point while all the rest do so, which probably looks a bit strange

- Off-chain API endpoints providing real-time pricing data
- WebSocket feeds for continuous updates
- Documentation of pricing functions or AMM curves

### 2. Settlement Interface

A well-documented smart contract interface for executing trades, including:

- Function specifications for swap execution
- Required parameters and their formats
- Gas consumption estimates
- Safety checks and failure modes

### 3. Technical Documentation

Comprehensive documentation should include:

- Smart contract addresses on supported networks
- API specifications and endpoints
- Authentication requirements (if any)
- Rate limits and other technical constraints
- Example implementations or code snippets

## Self Service Integration

Instead of waiting for solver teams to have the capacity and resources to deliver your integration, few solver teams offer a self service integration.

**Tycho (Propeller heads) - read more [here](https://docs.propellerheads.xyz/tycho/for-dexs/protocol-integration-sdk)**

## Integration Process

1. **Submit Integration Proposal**
    - Use the integration proposal template and make sure to add all necessary information.

>     - Post on CoW DAO forum, and engage with any followup questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Post on CoW DAO forum, and engage with any follow-up questions.
```
